README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hola 👋, soy Eduardo</h1>
<h3 align="center">Soy estudiante de Ingeniería de Sistemas</h3>

- 💬 Sé sobre **SQL, Java, html, C++, Python**

- 📫 Puedes contactarme en **edujovelardeg@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://laravel.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/laravel/laravel-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="laravel" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.svgrepo.com/show/303229/microsoft-sql-server-logo.svg" alt="mssql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="vuejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<h3 align="center">Mi portafolio de proyectos lo puedes ver en mi perfil</h3>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated personal information and tech stack
Updated README to reflect new skills and projects.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Eduardo Velarde! 👋

**Flutter Mobile Developer | Systems Engineering Graduate**
Building high-performance mobile experiences with a strong backend foundation.

- 🎓 **Education:** Recently graduated in Systems Engineering from the National University of Trujillo.
- 📱 **Mobile Expertise:** Specialized in **Flutter & Dart** for Android and iOS.
- ⚙️ **Backend Savvy:** Proficient in **Nest.js, Next.js, Spring Boot, and FastAPI**.
- 🤖 **AI Enthusiast:** Developed **AdiPix**, an AI-powered app for body composition analysis and personalized fitness/nutrition routines.
- 🌍 **Language:** Bilingual in Spanish and **English (C1 Advanced)**.

---

### 🚀 What I'm working on
- **Sistematic:** Leading the development of logistics tracking solutions and reward-based platforms.
- **SystMap:** Building a real-time background GPS tracking system for logistics.
- **Open Source:** Constantly refining my boilerplate architectures for scalable mobile apps.

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) 
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white)
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

---

### 📊 My GitHub Stats
![Eduardo's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MDTaylor315&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MDTaylor315&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)
